VONK-7808: addded documentation on reverse proxy settings (#594)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: setting_up_firely_server/deployment/reverseproxy/reverseProxy.rst

Using X-Forwarded-Host header
-----------------------------

The `X-Forwarded-Host header <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Forwarded-Host>`_ is used for identifying the original host by the client, which is especially useful with reverse proxies. 
As per the `FHIR specification <http://hl7.org/fhir/http.html#custom>`_, Firely Server supports usage of this header. Keep in mind that usage of the header exposes privacy sensitive information.

In practice, this header can be set by any HTTP client sending a request, not only the trusted reverse proxy. This might pose a security risk when combined with the functionality of :ref:`limiting access to the administration endpoints based on IP addresses <configure_administration_access>`.

> To mitigate these risks, Firely Server offers settings that allow specifying network ranges or specific IPs for trusted reverse proxies. Firely Server ignores the `X-Forwarded-Host` header if the request comes from a non-trusted IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mitigate these risks, Firely Server offers settings that allow specifying network ranges or specific IPs for trusted reverse proxies. Firely Server ignores the `X-Forwarded-*` headers if the request comes from a non-trusted IP.
```
